.\" man page for liblinklist
.\" Contact dev@hyper-active.com.au to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH ll_move_tail 3 "22 July 2009" "0.75" "liblinklist - Simple library to manage a free-standing linked list of generic objects."
.SH NAME
ll_move_tail \- move the object to the tail of the list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <linklist.h>
.sp
.B void ll_move_tail(linklist_t *list, void *ptr);
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
#include <linklist.h>
.sp
int main(void) {
.br
	list_t *list;
.br
	some_object_t *data;
.sp
	list = (list_t *) malloc(sizeof(list_t));
.br
	ll_init(list);
.br
	/* get object from somewhere. */
.br
	data = get_some_data();
.br
	ll_push_head(list, data);
.sp
	/* Go through the entries in the list, when we find what we want, use it, and move it to the tail of the list. */
.br
	ll_start(list);
.br
	while (data = ll_next(list)) {
.br
		/* if this is the object we are looking for, do somewthing, then move it. */
.br
		ll_move_tail(list, data);  /* this also means that we will probably process it again when we get to it. */
.br
	}
.br
	ll_finish(list);
.sp
	ll_free(list);
.br
	free(list);
.sp
	return(0);
.br
}
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ll_move_tail()
moves an object from where it is in the list to the tail of the list.  Normally this would be used when iterating through a list when you want to process it again.  If the object is already at the tail of the list, it wont get moved again, and the loop can end.
.sp
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR liblinklist (3),
.BR ll_start (3),
.BR ll_finish (3),
.BR ll_remove (3)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time. 
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
on behalf of Hyper-Active Systems, Australia.
.br
http://www.hyper-active.com.au/liblinklist/
.fi
.SH HISTORY
Apr 05, 2009 \- v0.1 - Pre-release.
.br
Apr 06, 2009 \- v0.2 - Minor tweaks and documentations.
.br
Apr 07, 2009 \- v0.3 - Added ll_start and ll_next for list iteration, and ll_remove for deleting entries that are somewhere in the list.
.br
Apr 08, 2009 \- v0.3.1 - Fixed layout of man/liblinklist
.br
Apr 08, 2009 \- v0.3.2 - Fixed more manpage layouts.
.br
Jul 22, 2009 \- v0.75 - Added ll_move_head and ll_move_tail so that we can move a node entry without having to remove it from the list and then add it again.