.\" man page for liblinklist
.\" Contact dev@hyper-active.com.au to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH ll_pop_tail 3 "7 April 2008" "0.3" "liblinklist - Simple library to manage a free-standing linked list of generic objects."
.SH NAME
ll_pop_tail \- get and remove the object from the tail of the list.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <linklist.h>
.sp
.B void * ll_pop_tail(linklist_t *list);
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
#include <linklist.h>
.sp
int main(void) {
.br
	list_t *list;
.br
	some_object_t *data;
.sp
	list = (list_t *) malloc(sizeof(list_t));
.br
	ll_init(list);
.br
	/* get object from somewhere. */
.br
	data = get_some_data();
.br
	ll_push_head(list, data);
.sp
	/* Process all the entries in the list (like a queue). */
.br
	while (data = ll_pop_tail(list)) {
.br
		/* do what you need to do with the data object */
.br
		free(data);	/* and whatever else should be done to it. */
.br
	}
.br
	ll_free(list);
.br
	free(list);
.sp
	return(0);
.br
}
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ll_pop_tail()
is used to retrieve (and remove) the object from the bottom of the list.  If there is no more objects in the list, then it will return NULL.
.sp
ll_get_tail() can be used to head the object in the top of the list without removing it.
.sp
.B ll_pop_head()
and
.B ll_pop_tail()
work almost identically except that objects are popped from the head, or tail of the list.  If all objects are pushed to the head, and popped from the head, then the list behaves like a stack (last one in, first one out).  But if all objects are added to the head, and popped from the tail, then it behaves like a queue (first one in, first one out).
.sp
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR liblinklist (3),
.BR ll_push_head (3),
.BR ll_push_tail (3),
.BR ll_pop_head (3),
.BR ll_pop_tail (3),
.BR ll_get_head (3),
.BR ll_get_tail (3),
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time. 
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
on behalf of Hyper-Active Systems, Australia.
.br
http://www.hyper-active.com.au/liblinklist/
.fi
.SH HISTORY
Apr 05, 2009 \- v0.1 - Pre-release.
.br
Apr 06, 2009 \- v0.2 - Minor tweaks and documentations.
.br
Apr 07, 2009 \- v0.3 - Added ll_start and ll_next for list iteration, and ll_remove for deleting entries that are somewhere in the list.
.br
Apr 08, 2009 \- v0.3.1 - Fixed layout of man/liblinklist
.br
Apr 08, 2009 \- v0.3.2 - Fixed more manpage layouts.
.br
